Hey guys welcome back in this lecture.
We're going to do is we're going to review some of the tools that are available for you for improving
your post performance and we're going to review a class of apps out there that essentially kind of game
refine the process of getting likes on your posts.
And I set you up at this big network of people who are doing the same thing.
So it's a really easy way of getting extra likes on your post.
Extra saves and even potentially extra follows.
OK.
So the main one at the moment is called follow or go like there's a bunch of home.
Honestly if you search for a magic potion that's another one.
There's one called Magic Leiker.
They all kind of work the same way.
So let me show you how they work.
They're usually like this.
Divided up into multiple categories.
Usually they're based off like coin systems.
So the basic concept here is they'll show you a bunch of posts and you go through it manually like all
of those posts.
And by doing that you earn coins then what you can do is you can spend those coins to get people to
like your post right back.
Right.
So it's just this big web of super casualty.
And for the most part it works pretty well.
One thing you have to be aware of is the kind of little Spammy.
And so they will up sell you a lot of the time on things that you probably don't even need.
So like this one for instance tries up sell you a lot on analytics some of these are actually kind of
useful in the sense that like showing your top loyal followers that's could be interesting.
Certainly if you're going to try to do something with them or tag them every single time you post or
if you have some kind of strategic plan for using them that's pretty useful.
The way it works for the most part here is if I go to earn coins right in the middle.
So again it's in to try to sell me a bunch of coins and you can see I have six hundred eighteen coins
and I'm not sure how I got that.
I think you get more every time you log in.
So they try to get you to log in a lot.
So if you just hit the X don't hit it now because now is talking about the deal and X again.
Eventually it'll get you do this because they all say like for instance follow plus And then how many
coins you'd get.
So if you wanted to follow them that's fine.
I typically use a follower boughts I don't do any of these.
I keep hitting X number on offers and he follows eventually I'll get like likes for instance and as
easily.
One so I can at like.
And then you go I turned a coin.
I liked that person's photo.
The reason why I put this into the habit section is because this is a habit that you can build in pretty
easily.
So if you just spend maybe five minutes a day just going through these maybe following an account you
can just add a lot of coins pretty quickly and then you can pretty much start using these two bous post
especially post that didn't do as well.
You can use that kind of level out the problems you're having.
They have a section here called auto mode.
So if you hit auto mode what it does is it'll just do it for you.
So you just say ok see how it'll just automatically go through.
Now I don't typically do this just because I don't want it to do the bare minimum of just trying to
follow cheap accounts over and over again.
Again that's just my strategy.
I use something else for it so I don't want that to conflict with the system I already have.
But if this is ongoing it is quite useful to you you could just use the auto mode.
So now that I actually have some coins that you do as you go over here and pick which post you want
and you can look at literally any of your post and it actually pretty useful because it shows you stats
right here which sometimes aren't immediately easy to find.
So if you're on the apps like this almost 14.
So what it might do is I might just boost it and again they'll try to get you to buy stuff so right
there just ignore that.
Now go down here and you can actually use your coins to buy likes.
You can also do comments to kind of same thing.
You can also do views.
Generally speaking I don't really do the comments because the comments are kind of fake.
I mean they just look like robots that really help you with your engagement that well.
So let's say I have 600 coins.
Let's see.
So I'll get 100 likes.
OK.
So I clicked that and now it's going to process and it estimates over the next 60 minutes will be deliver
and that's just because now they're presenting it in front of other people now they have to go through
and manually do it because a lot of people aren't auto mode so that's you know kind of easy for them.
OK so that's basically the concept here.
If this is something that's useful to you in appealing to you I suggest trying it out.
It's not really something I do just because there's easier ways for me to get engagement and rather
focus on my content as opposed to making a habit of using these kind of one for one exchanges later
on will cover the Jarvi like exchange and that's through a software that we install later on as we get
in the more advanced sections that software actually has a like exchange that's pretty much automatic
and it's way better than this so that's why I don't.
Another reason I don't to this.
But it's something that you can very easily figure out.
It's FREE.
You just have to be aware that they're going to try to constantly up sell you on pretty much everything
possible.
Like I said if you can't find this on iOS then search for magic potion or magic Leiker.
Android has similar versions of it they might just have a slightly different name.
All right guys.
That being said that's something worth checking out see if it fits with you and your habit schedule.
All right.
CNN ex-boxer.